Extra features (#15)
janjaali/sendGrid-mock: README.md

* Send mails to a mocked sendgrid-api (v3: `POST /v3/mail/send`)
  * Authentication included

* Retrieve sent mails via an API (`GET /api/mails`). You can also filter these mails as follows:
  * `GET /api/mails?to=email@address.com`
  * `GET /api/mails?subject=The subject` (subject must match exactly)
  * `GET /api/mails?subject=%subject%` (subject contains text)

>   * `GET /api/mails?dateTimeSince=2020-12-06T10:00:00` (only emails after specified dateTimeSince (iso-format e.g. `YYYY-MM-DDThh:mm:ssZ`))

Reviewer: Maybe we can provide some link here?

```suggestion
  * `GET /api/mails?dateTimeSince=2020-12-06T10:00:00` (only emails after specified dateTimeSince ([ISO-8601 format](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ISO_8601) such as `YYYY-MM-DDThh:mm:ssZ`))
```

  * All the above can be combined

* Clear sent mails via an API (`DELETE /api/mails`)

* Retrieve sent mails via a simple UI

> * By default, all emails older than 24 hours will be deleted. This can be configured using environment variable `MAIL_HISTORY_DURATION` which uses ISO Duration format (PT24H)

Reviewer: Maybe going a bit more into detail here?

```suggestion
* By default, all emails older than 24 hours will be deleted. This can be configured using environment variable `MAIL_HISTORY_DURATION` which uses [ISO-8601 Duration format](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ISO_8601#Durations) such as 'PT24H'.
```
